rebasing of fix_workflow to main (#25)
handichan/BSS-Workflow: README.md

The ComStock gap model provides an exception to this methodology. Currently, ComStock does not explicitly model all commercial building types, which means that it excludes 37% of energy consumption in commercial buildings ([Parker et al., 2025](https://nrel.github.io/ComStock.github.io/assets/files/comstock_reference_documentation_2025_2.pdf)). The difference between the measured total consumption and what is explicitly modeled is referred to as the gap, and the SDR includes hourly county-level electricity consumption to represent it. Because Scout includes all commercial building types, we calculate the share of electricity consumption by measure that is not modeled in ComStock and disaggregate it using the gap model. The gap is not split out by building type or end use and simply represents the magnitude of commercial electricity that is not explicitly modeled. We therefore calculate one set of geographic and one set of temporal gap multipliers and apply them to all of the gap energy. See Langevin et al., 2026 for more information about how we use the gap model.

> `(C) Ref. Case Data Centers` is an exception to this exception. Roughly 70-78% of its electricity falls into the ComStock gap, a far larger share than other measures, and the real gap load shape (`com_gap_ts_1`) is volatile enough (double-peaked) that projecting it onto a measure this influential to the commercial forecast risked distorting the overall shape. There is also no public data to support a specific data center load shape. We therefore keep the ComStock gap model's geographic disaggregation (`com_gap_ann_1`) for this measure but assign a flat load shape (`com_flat_ts`, `multiplier_hourly = 1/8760`) instead of `com_gap_ts_1`, and route its gap-model portion to its own `measure_map.tsv` entry (`Gap - Data Centers`, via `Config.GAP_MEAS_OVERRIDE` in `bss_workflow.py`) rather than the shared `Gap` measure, so this override doesn't change the treatment of every other measure's gap portion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`(C) Ref. Case Data Centers` is an exception to this exception. Because ComStock does not model standalone data centers, roughly 70-78% of this measure's electricity falls into the ComStock gap, a far larger share than other measures. The gap load shape (`com_gap_ts_1`) has large diurnal swings, and projecting it onto a measure this influential to the commercial forecast risked distorting the overall shape. However, there is no public data to support a specific data center load shape, so we assign a flat load shape (`com_flat_ts`, `multiplier_hourly = 1/8760`) instead of `com_gap_ts_1`. We keep the ComStock gap model's geographic disaggregation (`com_gap_ann_1`) for this measure.
```
